because I go ahead hello all right we're
in Chris's GTR this is our our man trip
it is we're going out the cruising
actually a facebook organized event how
many cars 27 27 cars now that's 27
confirmed we don't know if it's going to
be viral they're going to invite their
friends and everything like that once
everybody knows that people are showing
up but chris is going to show you some
features on his GTR for a second
obviously we'll turn down the music yeah
here's a hug yeah so we have the
heads-up display you can go through all
the different views we can look at fuel
fuel economy which is not necessary in
this car you can look at G forces
acceleration braking steering gear
position fuel economy which won't worry
about that stopwatch just in case we
decide we want to have a little fun
that's the overview of the HUD pretty
much everything decoration you can see
its carbon fiber it's got a nice
pit feel to it all the controls are
within arm's reach of the driver and
he's surrounded by everything he needs
to press get started back seat believe
it or not the child Trump what is it
it's got the the cars child car seat the
hooks on it so you can fit a child seat
back there Bo's a system inside so the
sound in here is going to be phenomenal
but again even the backseat drivers you
know because the deceit is so deep
you've got this separator in between the
11 passenger to the next so if you've
got two people back there it's kind of
like their own little cockpit they're
sitting in back there so as you can see
we're not they didn't spare any cost on
making sure everything was top of the
line and then as you can see down here
it's got the nice and start push start
button the bose system here but these
are the features that most people really
want to know about and it is the racing
mode
you've got racing setting for your
attraction suspension and gear shifting
and then of course you've got the gear
shifting you've got the fuel saver the
comfort and then of course traction
control off which most of us know that
that is where the most fun comes in or
danger depending upon who you are and
how well you drive so is the interior
introduction that's about it and we're
going to hit the road we're going to
meet up with the crew we're gonna have
some fun see ya